Preciso: updates docs for new fields (#5191)
prebid/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/bidders/preciso.md

---
layout: bidder
title: Preciso
description: Prebid Preciso Bid Adapter
gdpr_supported: true
gvl_id: 874
media_types: display
gdpr_supported: true
usp_supported: true
pbjs: true
pbs: false
biddercode: preciso
prebid_member: true
floors_supported: true
safeframes_ok: true
schain_supported: true
userIds: sharedId
deals_supported: false
coppa_supported: true
multiformat_supported: false
ortb_blocking_supported: true
sidebarType: 1
---

### Modules

> SharedID: We need you to include SharedID module,which is used to get prebid user commonid.It can better differentiating users to bid on ads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need you to include the [SharedID module](/dev-docs/modules/userid-submodules/sharedid.html) in order to bid effectively on your inventory.
```

Please also remove the sample configuration for sharedId and only leave the custom filterSettings you require

Author: @muuki88  Thanks for updating me. I have done changes.

Example configuration:

``````javascript

pbjs.setConfig({
        userSync: {
          userIds: [{
            name: 'sharedId',
            storage: {
              name: '_sharedid',
              type: 'cookie',
              expires: 365
            }
          }],
          filterSettings: {
            iframe: {
              bidders: ['preciso'],
              filter: 'include'
            },
            image: {
              bidders: ['preciso'],
              filter: 'include'
            }
          }
        },enableTIDs: true
      });

``````

### Registration

The preciso Bidding adapter requires setup before beginning. Please contact us at [tech@preciso.net]

### Note

> - Supports `display` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

That's covered by the `media types` meta field

---
layout: bidder
title: Preciso

> 

Reviewer: Please remove empty lines
```suggestion
```

floors_supported: true
safeframes_ok: true
schain_supported: true
userIds: id5Id, identityLink, pubProvidedId
pbs_app_supported: true
userIds: sharedId
deals_supported: false
pbs_app_supported: false
coppa_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-bid-on-any

> ortb_blocking_supported: partial

Reviewer: If you don't support it than state it with false `ortb_blocking_supported: false`

Reviewer: Have you added the line back in?

Author: yes.
